Welcome to today's championship match between the Eagles and the Hawks!
The Eagles are looking strong in the first quarter with their aggressive offense.
Johnson takes the shot from the three-point line... and it's good! Eagles lead 15-12.
The Hawks are responding well with their defensive strategy.
Smith drives to the basket, avoids the block, and scores! What a play!
Timeout called by the Eagles coach. They need to regroup after that last possession.
The crowd is electric tonight! Over 15,000 fans in attendance.
Back from the timeout, the Eagles inbound the ball to Thompson.
Thompson passes to Williams who's open in the corner...
Williams shoots! It's off the rim but Davis gets the rebound!
Davis puts it back up and scores! Eagles extend their lead to 19-14.
The Hawks are calling for a substitution. Rodriguez coming in for Martinez.
Rodriguez immediately makes an impact with a steal!
He's racing down the court on a fast break...
Rodriguez passes to Brown who's trailing behind...
Brown takes the shot from mid-range and it's nothing but net!
Hawks cut the deficit to just 3 points. This game is heating up!
The Eagles are bringing the ball up court with Thompson at the point.
Thompson calls for a screen from Davis...
Davis sets the pick, Thompson uses it perfectly!
Thompson drives to the basket and draws the foul!
He'll go to the free throw line for two shots.
First free throw... it's good! Eagles lead 20-16.
Second free throw... also good! Eagles up by 6 points.
The Hawks are pushing the pace now, looking to get back in this game.
Rodriguez brings the ball up quickly and finds Smith in the post.
Smith backs down his defender and goes for the hook shot...
It's good! Smith with the smooth post move. Hawks trail 22-18.
Just 2 minutes left in the first quarter. Both teams playing excellent basketball.
The Eagles are looking to extend their lead before the quarter ends.
Williams takes a deep three-pointer... it's off the mark!
Brown grabs the rebound for the Hawks and starts the fast break.
Brown passes ahead to Rodriguez who's sprinting down the court...
Rodriguez goes up for the layup and scores! What a beautiful play!
Hawks are now only down by 2 points with 30 seconds left in the quarter.
The Eagles are taking their time with this possession.
Thompson holds the ball at the top of the key, looking for an opening.
He drives left, draws the defense, and kicks it out to Williams!
Williams shoots the three... it's good! Eagles lead 25-20!
That's the end of the first quarter. Eagles lead by 5 points.
What an exciting start to this championship game!
Both teams are showing why they deserve to be here tonight.
We'll be back after a short break with the second quarter action.